while Israel presses on with its assault
on Gaza its forces are also engaged on
the northern border with Lebanon the
armeny says it's targeting Hezbollah
military sites after several shells were
fired at Israeli troops it's also
announced the closure of several main
roads leading to Israeli border towns
this we're going to be joined by Ali
Hashim who's in nakora in southern
Lebanon what's been happening
Ali well Rob over the past hours there
were several Israeli uh a
in this area behind me the launa hills
that's overseeing nakura and also it's
overseeing from the other side shomi
betet and Ros hanikra from the Israeli
side uh couple of attacks from hisbah
since this morning and then Israeli uh
air strikes several air strikes for the
moment there were no casualties yet
before this was intertwined with the war
in Gaza but right now it seems things
are be having their own separate path
whereas is Israel is pushing to have
Hezbollah behind the Lani river which is
like 20 kilom from the borders in some
areas so this is right now where this
fight is uh concentrated on several
areas uh from the Western sector where
we are to the central sector to the
Eastern sector there have been several
attacks over the past days yesterday for
example hasah uh claimed responsibility
for around four attacks Israel said that
it also conducted several air strikes on
hisbah infrastructure Israel is using
this opportunity also to hit the uh the
many Targets on its on its Bank in its
Bank the target banks for hisbah
infrastructure in the past that was
developed over the years since 2006 War
till today Israel is using this
opportunity to hit this infrastructure
at the same time hisbah is using this uh
opportunity to hit the Israeli uh
intelligence gathering apparatus On the
Border whether it's uh communication
apparatuses whether it's cameras and at
the same time hitting direct is ready
infantry and we've been seen SE we've
been seeing several casualties over the
past days Ali thank you very much indeed
Ali hasham talking to us from the border
of Lebanon